fix: make the behavior of prefix matching in Ingress consistent with Kubernetes doc (#11203)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/providers/kubernetes-ingress.md

If the Kubernetes cluster version is 1.18+,
the new `pathType` property can be leveraged to define the rules matchers:

- `Exact`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `Path`

> - `Prefix`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `PathPrefix`. Note that if you want the matching behavior to strictly follow Kubernetes Ingress spec (request path is matched on an element by element basis), consider enabling `strictPrefixMatching` in the Ingress Provider configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Prefix`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `PathPrefix`. Note that if you want the matching behavior to strictly comply with Kubernetes Ingress specification (request path is matched on an element-by-element basis), consider enabling `strictPrefixMatching` in the Ingress Provider configuration.
```

the new `pathType` property can be leveraged to define the rules matchers:

- `Exact`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `Path`

> - `Prefix`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `PathPrefix`. Note that if you want the matching behavior to strictly comply with Kubernetes Ingress specification (request path is matched on an element-by-element basis), consider enabling `strictPrefixMatching` in the Ingress Provider configuration.

Reviewer 2: I think adding a link to the `strictPrefixMatching` might be a good addition.

```suggestion
- `Prefix`: This path type forces the rule matcher to `PathPrefix`. Note that if you want the matching behavior to strictly comply with Kubernetes Ingress specification (request path is matched on an element-by-element basis), consider enabling [`strictPrefixMatching`](../../providers/kubernetes-ingress.md#strictprefixmatching) in the Ingress Provider configuration.
```
